     #860. Fear. -- N.  fear, timidity, diffidence, want of confidence;
apprehensiveness, fearfulness &c. adj.; solicitude, anxiety, care,
apprehension, misgiving; feeze [obs3][U.S.]; mistrust &c. (doubt) 485;
suspicion, qualm; hesitation &c. (irresolution) 605.
     nervousness, restlessness &c. adj.; inquietude, disquietude, worry,
concern; batophobia[obs3]; heartquake[obs3]; flutter, trepidation, fear and
trembling, perturbation, tremor, quivering, shaking, trembling, throbbing
heart, palpitation, ague fit, cold sweat; abject fear &c. (cowardice) 862;
mortal funk, heartsinking[obs3], despondency; despair &c. 859.
     fright; affright, affrightment[obs3]; boof  alarm[obs3][U.S.], dread,
awe, terror, horror, dismay, consternation, panic, scare, stampede [of
horses].
     intimidation, terrorism, reign of terror.
     [Object of fear] bug bear, bugaboo; scarecrow; hobgoblin &c. (demon)
980; nightmare, Gorgon, mormo[obs3], ogre, Hurlothrumbo[obs3], raw head and
bloody bones, fee-faw-fum, bete noire[Fr], enfant terrible[Fr].
     alarmist &c. (coward) 862.
     V. fear, stand in awe of; be afraid &c. adj.; have qualms &c. n.;
apprehend, sit upon thorns, eye askance; distrust &c. (disbelieve) 485.
     hesitate &c. (be irresolute) 605; falter, funk, cower, crouch; skulk
&c. (cowardice) 862; "let 'I dare not' wait upon 'I would'"; take fright,
take alarm; start, wince, flinch, shy, shrink; fly &c. (avoid) 623.
     tremble, shake; shiver, shiver in one's shoes; shudder, flutter; shake
like an aspen leaf, tremble like an aspen leaf, tremble all over; quake,
quaver, quiver, quail.
     grow pale, turn pale; blench, stand aghast; not dare to say one's soul
is one's own.
     inspire fear, excite fear, inspire awe, excite awe; raise
aprehensions[obs3]; be in a daze, bulldoze [U. S.]; faze, feeze [obs3][U.
S.]; give an alarm, raise an alarm, sound an alarm; alarm, startle, scare,
cry "wolf," disquiet, dismay; fright, frighten, terrify; astound; fright
from one's propriety; fright out of one's senses, fright out of one's wits,
fright out of one's seven senses; awe; strike all of a heap, strike an awe
into, strike terror; harrow up the soul, appall, unman, petrify, horrify;
pile on the agony.
     make one's flesh creep, make one's hair stand on end, make one's blood
run cold, make one's teeth chatter; take away one's breath, stop one's
breath;  make one tremble &c.
     haunt; prey on the mind, weigh on the mind.
     put in fear, put in bodily fear; terrorize, intimidate, cow, daunt,
overawe, abash, deter, discourage; browbeat, bully; threaten &c. 909.
     Adj. fearing &c. v.; frightened &c. v.; in fear, in a fright &c. n.;
haunted with the fear of &c. n.; afeard[obs3].
     afraid, fearful; timid, timorous; nervous, diffident, coy, faint-
hearted, tremulous, shaky, afraid of one's shadow, apprehensive, restless,
fidgety; more frightened than hurt.
     aghast; awe-stricken, horror-stricken, terror-stricken, panic-
stricken, awestruck,  awe-stricken, horror-struck; frightened to death,
white as a sheet; pale, pale as a ghost, pale as death, pale as ashes;
breathless, in hysterics.
     inspiring fear &c. v.; alarming; formidable, redoubtable; perilous &c.
(danger) 665; portentous; fearful; dread, dreadful; fell; dire, direful;
shocking; terrible, terrific; tremendous; horrid, horrible, horrific;
ghastly; awful, awe-inspiring; revolting &c. (painful) 830; Gorgonian.
