     #897. Love. -- N. love; fondness &c. adj.; liking; inclination &c.
(desire) 865; regard, dilection|, admiration, fancy.
     affection, sympathy, fellow-feeling; tenderness &c. adj.; heart,
brotherly love; benevolence &c. 906; attachment.
     yearning, <gr/eros/gr>, tender passion, amour; gyneolatry[obs3];
gallantry, passion, flame, devotion, fervor, enthusiasm, transport of love,
rapture, enchantment, infatuation, adoration, idolatry.
     Cupid, Venus; myrtle; true lover's knot; love token,  love suit, love
affair, love tale, love story; the, old story, plighted love; courtship &c.
902; amourette[obs3]; free love.
     maternal love, <gr/storge/gr>[Grk], parental love; young love, puppy
love.
     attractiveness; popularity; favorite &c. 899.
     lover, suitor, follower, admirer, adorer, wooer, amoret[obs3], beau,
sweetheart, inamorato[It], swain, young man, flame, love, truelove;
leman[obs3], Lothario, gallant, paramour, amoroso[obs3], cavaliere
servente[It], captive, cicisbeo[obs3]; caro sposo[It].
     inamorata, ladylove, idol, darling, duck, Dulcinea, angel, goddess,
cara sposa[It].
     betrothed, affianced, fiancee.
     flirt, coquette; amorette[obs3]; pair of turtledoves; abode of love,
agapemone[obs3].
     V. love, like, affect, fancy, care for, take an interest in, be
partial to, sympathize with; affection; be in love &c. with adj.; have a
love &c. n. for, entertain a love &c. n. for, harbor  cherish a love &c. n.
for; regard, revere; take to, bear love to, be wedded to; set one's
affections on; make much of, feast one's eyes on; hold dear, prize; hug,
cling to, cherish, pet.
     burn; adore, idolize, love to distraction, aimer eperdument[Fr]; dote
on, dote upon; take a fancy to, look sweet upon; become enamored &c. adj.;
fall in love with, lose one's heart; desire &c. 865.
     excite love; win the heart, gain the heart, win the affections, gain
the affections, secure the love, engage the affections; take the fancy of
have a place in the heart, wind round the heart; attract, attach, endear,
charm, fascinate, captivate, bewitch, seduce, enamor, enrapture, turn the
head.
     get into favor; ingratiate oneself, insinuate oneself, worm oneself;
propitiate, curry favor with, pay one's court to, faire l'aimable[Fr], set
one's cap at, flirt.
     Adj. loving &c. v.; fond of; taken with, struck with; smitten, bitten;
attached to, wedded to; enamored; charmed &c. v.; in love; love-sick; over
head and ears in love, head over heels in love.
     affectionate, tender, sweet upon, sympathetic, loving; amorous,
amatory; fond, erotic, uxorious, ardent, passionate, rapturous, devoted,
motherly.
     loved &c. v. beloved well beloved, dearly beloved; dear, precious,
darling, pet, little; favorite, popular.
     congenial;  after one's mind, after one's taste, after one's fancy,
after one's own heart, to one's mind, to one's taste, to one's fancy, to
one's own heart.
     in one's good graces &c. (friendly) 888; dear as the apple of one's
eye, nearest to one's heart.
     lovable, adorable; lovely, sweet; attractive, seductive, winning;
charming, engaging, interesting, enchanting, captivating, fascinating,
bewitching; amiable, like an angel.
